README.md, before:

# Hi 👋, I'm MC_XiaoHei

A Minecraft developer and an undergraduate student of Shandong Technology and Business University.

I'm currently learning **Attention is all you need**.

## 🚀 Languages I Use
<p>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.scala-lang.org/index.html" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/scala-lang/scala-lang-icon.svg" alt="scala" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://kotlinlang.org" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kotlinlang/kotlinlang-icon.svg" alt="kotlin" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.java.com" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.typescriptlang.org" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://vuejs.org" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="vuejs" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/commonmark/commonmark-icon.svg" alt="markdown" width="42" height="42" /></a>
</p>

![Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MC-XiaoHei&theme=default&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&count_private=true)
![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=MC-XiaoHei&theme=default&hide_border=fals&count_private=true)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MC-XiaoHei&theme=default&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&layout=compact&count_private=true)
![Trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=MC-XiaoHei)

Commit message:

Add participation in LeavesMC project to README.md

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋, I'm MC_XiaoHei

A Minecraft developer and an undergraduate student of Shandong Technology and Business University.

I'm currently learning **Attention is all you need**.

I'm also a member of [LeavesMC](https://github.com/LeavesMC) and currently participating in the [Leaves](https://github.com/LeavesMC/Leaves) project.

## 🚀 Languages I Use
<p>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.scala-lang.org/index.html" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/scala-lang/scala-lang-icon.svg" alt="scala" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://kotlinlang.org" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kotlinlang/kotlinlang-icon.svg" alt="kotlin" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.java.com" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.typescriptlang.org" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" href="https://vuejs.org" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="vuejs" width="42" height="42" /></a>
  <a target="_blank" style="display: inline-block;"><img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/commonmark/commonmark-icon.svg" alt="markdown" width="42" height="42" /></a>
</p>

![Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=MC-XiaoHei&theme=default&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&count_private=true)
![Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=MC-XiaoHei&theme=default&hide_border=fals&count_private=true)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=MC-XiaoHei&theme=default&show_icons=true&hide_border=false&layout=compact&count_private=true)
![Trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=MC-XiaoHei)
